DataGrid: Add Semantic Search Demo Description (#34195)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/DataGrid/SemanticSearch/description.md

This demo incorporates server-side semantic search into the [DevExtreme DataGrid](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Overview/). Semantic search finds results based on meaning rather than exact wording, understanding the context and intent behind a question or phrase. This allows your DevExtreme-powered app to deliver more relevant answers by connecting related concepts, even if exact words differ.

> To review the benefits of this feature, search for dictionary entries and their descriptions and use synonyms or generic descriptions instead of exact search strings (such as "clothing" instead of a specific product name). You can fine-tune the search results: use the Similarity Factor editor to change the search precision.

Reviewer: I see the reference :) But according to the current guide we shouldn't use the with plurals.
Plus, ensure that your data set fits the example - such as "clothing" instead of a specific product name. Just checking, since I do not see the demo UI.

```suggestion
To review benefits of this feature, search for dictionary entries and their descriptions and use synonyms or generic descriptions instead of exact search strings (such as "clothing" instead of a specific product name). You can fine-tune search results: use the Similarity Factor editor to change the search precision.
```

Author: Yep, this demo will use the same data source as our Blazor SemanticSearch demo. Thank you for noticing :)

<!--split-->

[note]

AI services used for this demo have been rate and data limited. As such, you may experience performance-related delays when exploring the capabilities of the DataGrid AI Assistant.

When connected to your own AI model/service without rate and data limits, semantic search will perform seamlessly, without artificial delays. Note that DevExtreme does not offer an AI REST API and does not ship any built-in LLMs/SLMs.

[/note]

This demo configures semantic filtering on the server (using [AzureOpenAI embeddings](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/foundry/openai/how-to/embeddings?tabs=csharp)). Each request returns filtered data using two parameters:

- A search value (entered in the built-in [search panel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/searchPanel/))

> - A similarity factor (adjusted using a custom [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/) item)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A similarity factor (can be adjusted via a custom [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/) item)
```
